---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

In The Cathedral and the Bazaar, the author writes, "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away." and "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.". These are my thoughts on these lessons:

* "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."
I think Eric Raymond made this point to emphasize the often overlooked importance of simplicity in software design. I agree with this lesson, however, I also believe that there are instances where extra features are appropriate. In these instances, it is sometimes good for the designer to introduce new design features to keep driving innovation.

* "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
When he wrote this, I think Eric Raymond meant that software developers and designers sometimes don't have a clear understanding of the problem they are trying to solve, and innovative solutions can arise by reevaluating the root issue and thinking of it differently.

My favorite lesson from The Cathedral and the Bazaar was "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)" because I think it is highly applicable to software engineering practices in the real world. While it is important to know how to write code well, it is also important to understand when reusing code is necessary and it is important to have the skill to read others' code and be able to interpret it.

## Team Project
During this week, my team and I chose to work together to design a recursion lesson and challenge for freeCodeCamp. I personally wrote the instructions for the challenge we decided to make.
