---
layout: post
title: Week 1: Open Source ≠ Free Source
---

When I think of the term "open source", I think of the word "community" as interconnected. To me, the essenece of any open source project or platform is the community that drives it, and the people who contribute to that project.

Open source is advantageous in that it allows multiple contributors from different backgrounds to help develop software. This allows for a greater diversity in thought, more creativity, and in general, a resulting product that is representative of this diversity.

However, a disadvantage of open source is the collaborative nature of the process. While this can be beneficial, it can also lead to a lot of internal conflict and confusion. Another disadvantage is that open source software is largely dependent on the dedication of the community trying to build it. This may mean that the project is not quickly updated or is stalled for long periods of time.

I decided to register for OSSD because I deeply craved a more project-based course to supplement the theory I learned in my other classes. In addition, I had Professor Klukowska for Data Structures, and I greatly enjoyed her teaching style.


## Projects

Four open source projects I have used include the following:

### Wikipedia

Wikipedia is essentially an online encyclopedia that supports multiple languages world wide. I use Wikipedia due to its ease-of-use and it's extensive information on a wide range of topics. Some alternatives to Wikipedia include the Encyclopedia Britannica website and various other online wikis. However, these are not all reliable, free, or easy to use.

### Brave

Brave is a free web browser first launched in 2016 by Brendan Eich, co-founder of the Mozilla project, and creator of JavaScript. I use Brave because I am curious about their contraversial ad replacement policy. Also, I think their business model of BATs is an interesting concept (tokens exchanged between users, advertisers and site publishers). Alternatives to Brave include other browsers like Chrome or Internet Explorer.

### Java

Java is an Object Oriented Programming Language. I use Java due to its prevalence in the software engineering industry. Other OOP languages include Python and C++. All of these languages have their own pros and cons, and it is up to the developer or company to choose a language.


### MySQL

MySQL is a relational database management system. I have used MySQL for class assignments, and I continue to use it because it is a popular database management system in many large technology companies. Alternatives to MySQL include MongoDB,PostgreSQL, Oracle Database, and MariaDB.
