---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

The Cathedral and Bazaar models of software development are essentially opposite. In the Cathedral model, software is developed exclusively by one person or a small group of persons. In the Bazaar model, the development process is completely open to input by the public.

## Favorite Lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar

* "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)."
This lesson in the essay explains the importance of constructive laziness and execution. Most people are more concerned about the final result, not the effort put into developing that result, and when possible, programmers should try to start with a partial solution.

* "Any tool should be useful in the expected way, but a truly great tool lends itself to uses you never expected."
I like this lesson from the essay, because I think it highlights an important point. When developing software, we as developers, must be sure to design rigorous, reusable code that can be repurposed in ways we never even considered.

## Free vs. Open Source

Free Software and Open Source software are similar because they both deal with the issue of code sharing and reusability. However, they differ philosophically. While most free software can be considered open source, the opposite can not be said. This is due to restrictions that open source software licenses allow. Free software places more of an emphasis on the fundamental right of "freedom" in sharing and reusing code.

## Team Project

This week, my team and I worked on an issue for freeCodeCamp to update the site's Bootstrap and Fontawesome curriculum. We created a branch to work on this issue, and I pushed a commit that fixed one of the challenges on the site to our forked repository's branch.
