---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Although Christos did not get the chance to deliver his full presentation, he taught me a lot about the expansiveness of the Mozilla open source network. I wish there was enough time to delve deeper into more specific examples, but overall, it did encourage me to take a look at various Mozilla projects.

I like the Mozilla mission, and I was surprised by how seriously they prioritize their products' users, but I think it's great that they take user privacy so seriously.


# freeCodeCamp
For this class, I hope to work on freeCodeCamp's code base and learning platform. They have a BSD 3-Clause License which indicates that the reuse and redistribution of their code is permitted, but "neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission". Also, if their source code is redistributed, the terms of the license must be included with the code.

Installing freeCodeCamp locally, and their instructions were extremely clear. They can be found [here](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md). I don't think the instructions could have been made clearer as they were extremely detailed about every installation required.


# First freeCodeCamp Contribution
Over the weekend, I discovered an issue in the freeCodeCamp repository about the proper name for the "rest parameter" in javascript. I claimed the issue, and 15 minutes later, a moderator permitted me to start. Within a few hours, I was able to resolve a majority of the issue, and I submitted a pull request. Unfortunately, I was asked to make some changes to my submitted code, and as I was making those changes, I discovered some additional issues.

Overall, I really enjoyed my experience working with freeCodeCamp, and I am glad I chose this project.
